# No More ローマ字!

## The Tool to Learn Japanese Better

### [Access the website](https://kirandoeswebdev.github.io/nomoreromaji)

---

## Why?

Well, it's simple. Japanese natives don't think of their alphabet as a
translation into the Latin alphabet; they just associate the symbols
with pronounciation like we do in English. Another reason is that it's WAYYYYY
slower for conversation. Think about it, not only are you translating
a different language into English (or your native language), but your
also translating the symbols. It adds another buffer to the already
slow direct translation process.

And that was my main reason to create this; no other tool I could find
offered this. I plan to expand this to kanji and other grammar as
well, same way native speakers don't think about Japanese grammar,
they just pick what feels "correct," and creating a context-based tool
will hopefully help with this.

## How to Use

#### There are a few things you need to know, most are explained on the website but I'll list them here as well.

To start, there are two buttons: "はい" and "いいえ", "yes" and "no"
respectivly. You will test yourself to see whether you know how a
symbol is pronounced. After you press one of the buttons, you'll get a
hint telling you how to pronounce it, where you can then change your
answer depending on what you know. In the options you can reset your
score, switch from ひらがな to カタカナ, and more useful changes.
There are two buttons that subtract one and add one from your score,
the subtract allows you to see the last kana again, but otherwise you
shouldn't be able to.

After you get all the pronounciations for one
kana correct, you can reset or switch to another one. Score is
calculated as so: if there is a hint; score is not affected, if think
you got it right, but then see that it's wrong it's -1 point, getting
it wrong then realize you were right gives no points, knowing it gives
one, not knowing it removes one.
